---
title: Contributing Guide
icon: guide
---

## Adding your plugins and themes

You are free to add your plugins and themes to the site, just open a new PR.

- To add a plugin, you should edit `config/plugins/<catagory>.json` and add your plugin to **the end of** proper list.
- To add a theme, you should edit `config/themes/<catagory>.json` and add your plugin to **the end of** proper list.

If you believe you are building a powerful theme or plugin that is fittable with multiple categories, you can add it in multiple places.

::: details These contents should be included in your PR body

- [x] My work is a plugin or theme for VuePress 2, or tools related with VuePress 2.
- [x] My work is open source and licensed under MIT or Apache-2.0.
- [x] I already built detailed docs about my work, so others can understand how to use it.
- [x] My work is workable with latest VuePress 2 version now, and I will keep supporting later VuePress 2 versions.
- [x] I promise if I abandon my project, I will open another PR to remove it.

:::

::: warning Removal

You should ensure your plugins compatible with latest VuePress version.

Any plugins which is not working with latest major version or with broken docs will be removed from list after 30 days.

:::

## Requesting vuejs.press domain

You are free to request a `vuejs.press` subdomain for your plugin or theme.

You can apply a `vuejs.press` subdomain as long as you agree with the following rules:

1. Your work should be **open source** and licensed under MIT or Apache-2.0.
1. Your work should be plugin or theme for VuePress 2, or tools related with VuePress 2.
1. Your work should be workable with **latest VuePress 2 version** unless the latest VuePress 2 version **was released less than 30 days ago**.
1. Only documentation content is allowed at your subdomain. **No other content** is allowed, including any **political, religious, or other controversial content**.

You should add a new line in `config/vuejs.press.zone`, and we will sync that file with DNS provider manually.

::: details These contents should be included in your PR body

- [x] My work is a plugin or theme for VuePress 2, or tools related with VuePress 2.
- [x] My work is open source and licensed under MIT or Apache-2.0.
- [x] I promise only documentation content is served at subdomain I apply to.
- [x] My work is workable with latest VuePress 2 version now, and I will keep supporting later VuePress 2 versions.
- [x] I promise if I abandon my project, I will open another PR to remove it.

:::

::: info Subdomain name

Subdomain is not customizable, it should based on the name of your plugin/theme, generated by removing `@` `vuepress-` and replacing `/` with `-`, e.g.:

- `@org/vuepress-plugin-abc` will be `org-plugin-abc`
- `vuepress-theme-abc` will be `theme-abc`

:::

::: tip Docsearch

If you need Algolia Docsearch, you should modify `config/crawler.config` to add your plugin of theme.

Your index name will be the subdomain you apply.

:::
